Added dev-setup docs to README (#297)
tessi/wasmex: README.md

> WebAssembly describes a memory-safe, sandboxed [execution
> environment](https://webassembly.org/docs/semantics/#linear-memory) […].

## Development

To set up a development environment install [the latest stable rust](https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install) and rust-related tooling:

```bash
rustup component add rustfmt
rustup component add clippy
rustup target add wasm32-unknown-unknown # to compile our example WASM files for testing
rustup target add wasm32-wasi # to compile our example WASM/WASI files for testing
```

Then install the erlang/elixir dependencies:

```bash
asdf install # assuming you install elixir, erlang with asdf. if not, make sure to install them your way
mix deps.get
```

> I´m looking forward to your contributions. Please open a PR containing the motivation of your change. If it is a bigger change or refactoring, consider creating an issue first. We can dicuss changes there irst which might safe us time down the road :)

Author: ```suggestion
I´m looking forward to your contributions. Please open a PR containing the motivation of your change. If it is a bigger change or refactoring, consider creating an issue first. We can discuss changes there first which might safe us time down the road :)
```
